hello if you stayed yesterday was May 4th and not
We wanted to miss the opportunity to
say hello, miraflores
we begin with the obvious this end of
week that filter was released and what
we went to see excited and got excited
and this Thursday you can see a little more
what was our visit to the preview
of the friends that we meet there
but meanwhile we want
share a concern what wave
with its noises the director of the
movie from a few weeks ago I os
has been jumping several statements that
denote some annoyance with marvel in
the last days of the press tour
wii where of course it will not go back to
make a movie for the msv though
stated that he could perform functions of
external consultant and if they call it
he says he feels very tired but for
moments until seems to feel happy
if that weight had been finally removed
over then he added that he regrets
have revived the mattress agent for
who star in the series james jones
you when it comes to movies
he is still dead on it showed
a frustration with having to do that
the movie connects with the series
task that I found frustrating and heavy
for us and many more the series
produced by his brother and sister-in-law
reached its best point when it
related to the events of the winter
schouler but this great work to unite
the different franchises do not seem
greatly affect your opinion also stated
that struggled to be weak is a
movie and not a series but
perspective that was the decision
correct what will happen with we do not
will be simply very tired will feel
that is no longer worthy will coordinate the
marvel movie universe up
the moment has been a titanic task and
we assume that you must exhaust even the most
strong of mortals now that the
Russian brothers will take over the
franchise can rest joss whedon
you were worthy let others raise the
hammer
and in other michael bay franchises
and michael bay revealed through his
twitter account some of the photos
of what the vehicles of the
sequel to ninja turtles and although
it looks like a reused utility
Transformers maybe the most interesting thing
it's color revealed the first image of
steven to mel as casey johnson and no no
it looks so bad but it's not enough to
that we meet again in michael bay
for now we just feel a little bit all
curiosity
okay
and this news has reached our
level of emotion to more than 9000
dragonball returns and not only with the
return movie to offer this
new golden form does not return to the
television with new series the series
Officially produced by Akira
toriyama will resume the events of dragon
ball z after the Malibu saga and not
do not take dragon ball as gothic
thanks kamisama brazil without love the face
I searched for a gap and I knew
this has been all for today do not forget
leave us your opinions in the
comments and if they like me for
check in the link of our friends
of the ricet world and do not forget to subscribe
to our channel chau because it's like that
beautiful clapper the last days of the
press tour press press
press but up to moments
already bid add
my friend
the sale tortures girls
Nice does not look so bad
the return of freezer and its new form
golden does not do not come back as a series or
my character has electricity if
people who have Christian we are going
to always speak a little bit of fact not
us electricity